# Two ways to use:
# 1. call `import matplotlib.pyplot as plt; plt.style.use('../styles/gcpeixoto-book.mplstyle')` on top of each notebook
# 2. save this file into `styles/matplotlibrc`; then, plug `import matplotlib.pyplot as plt` on top of each notebook and `jb build .`

axes.facecolor     : (0.92,0.96,0.92)
axes.edgecolor     : black
axes.grid          : True
axes.axisbelow     : True
axes.labelcolor    : black
axes.titlesize     : 12
axes.labelsize     : 10
axes.linewidth     : 1.0
axes.spines.top    : False
axes.spines.right  : False
axes.spines.bottom : True
axes.spines.left   : True

figure.facecolor   : white
figure.edgecolor   : white
figure.figsize     : 6.4, 4

grid.color         : white
grid.linestyle     : -
grid.linewidth     : 1.5

xtick.color        : black
ytick.color        : black

lines.linewidth    : 1.5
lines.markersize   : 6

savefig.facecolor  : white
savefig.edgecolor  : white
savefig.transparent: False

text.color         : black

xtick.labelsize    : 8
ytick.labelsize    : 8
